So the second step is to install Colly well, since we'll use the oveI file it, it'd be better to say
import for this step.
And the downloads finished it under the download folder, now I'll open a virtual box interface Chew's
import.
And choose the OVA file under the download folder and click continue.
So as you can see, there are the suggested settings of virtual box for the imported virtual machine.
RAM is two gigs by default.
Now, just click import and agree to the license agreement in order to continue.
And it starts to import it may take a couple of minutes, so I want to look at the size of the empty
space on my host.
D.F. Command simply displays the free disk space and Dash eight parameter makes the result human readable.
Now I have 140 gigabytes of free space, and that should be plenty for this installation.
Installations finished and this is a summary of the VM ram is two gigabytes by default.
And if you have enough ram on your whole system, I suggest you increase it.
Networking is not just as I want.
Now, just click on the start button.
OK, the virtual machine could not be started, so I wonder about the details of this error, don't
you?
OK, then, so to fix this problem, we'll need to install the Oracle VM virtual box extension back.
So I copy this part and I'll just search on the Web.
So now let's look at the official site of Virtual Box.
We can download it under the title of Oracle, the virtual Xbox Extension PAC.
The oldest click on this link and say the file.
And it quickly downloads.
So let's open the file and click install.
And again, I'll accept the virtual license agreement and finally enter the password to complete the
installation.
And now it's been installed successfully.
So now I'd like to go to the preferences and double check the extension packages.
And everything is OK, good, so now we can start again.
OK, so our county is booting for the first time.
Click switch for the full screen mode.
And here we are at the login screen.
Now, in addition to the changes that I mentioned in the previous lecture, there is another important
change in this county 2020 to release the default user account is now a standard unprivileged user.
Caleigh is no longer using the super user account route by default.
Right.
So the new default credentials are Kelly and Co..
And welcome to Khaleed 2020, not to.
Now, normally, the screen resolution automatically fits your particular screen, but if you have any
resolution problems like I appear to be having, you can change the scale for your screen.
So first, I'll just open up the display settings.
And I can choose the resolution value to be 1920 by twelve hundred and click the apply button.
Now go to preferences.
And under the display tab, you can change the scale factor.
It's also had this value to be 90 percent of my screen.
And you can change it whatever you want and just try different values for your screen.
All right, so I'll click, OK, now let's look at the changes.
Yeah, that's pretty good.
So let's open a terminal screen and check the network connection.
When I run the if config command with standard user privileges, I will get an error because they have
config command is under the Espin folder and requires route privileges.
So why don't we have a look inside that has been folder.
As you can see, I can run this CD, TWD and Alaska commands without pseudo, these commands do not
require privileges.
However, their commands that are under the SBN folder must be run with pseudo.
If config is here.
And let's run this command with pseudo.
And it's OK now.
Of course, there is a more practical solution.
You can always switch the user to root so we don't have to write pseudo for every command that requires
room privileges.
So let's run pseudo asou.
OK, so I'm I'm right now, and I'll double check that with the Who am I command?
Well, now I can run any command which requires super user privileges without pseudo.
And this is my IP address, if if Config didn't obtain an IP address, that means that you have a problem
with your network configuration, it's not a problem.
Problems do occur.
And I certainly will give you some solutions to fix any possible network problems in the next lecture.